docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/flip.md

# Flip

<!-- introduction start -->

> Flips are containers that flip on click to reveal additional content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flips are containers that flip when clicked to reveal additional content.
```
